.TH DOC-HUB 1 "2026-03-26" "doc-hub 0.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
doc-hub \- unified documentation search and pipeline CLI
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B doc-hub
.RI [ command ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
doc-hub works with registered corpora, search, pipeline evaluation, and MCP serving.
Keep to the top-level command tree and use the examples below as a quick reference.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B doc-hub docs list
List registered corpora.
.TP
.B doc-hub man
Print the built-in manual page.
.TP
.B doc-hub docs search --corpus CORPUS [--corpus CORPUS ...] "QUERY"
Search one or more corpora.
.TP
.B doc-hub docs browse CORPUS
Browse persisted corpus documents and short IDs.
.TP
.B doc-hub docs read CORPUS DOC_ID
Read a document by its short document ID (shown in browse output).
.TP
.B doc-hub pipeline add [<name>] [--strategy {llms_txt,sitemap,git_repo,local_dir}] [--url URL] [--path PATH] [--slug SLUG] [--no-index] [--interactive] [--use-jina] [--try-md] [--clean] [--url-pattern PATTERN] [--url-suffix SUFFIX] [--base-url URL] [--workers N] [--retries N] [--branch BRANCH] [--docs-dir DIR]
Register a new documentation corpus and run the full indexing pipeline.
The name and strategy are optional when \fB\-\-interactive\fR (\fB\-i\fR) is used — guided prompts detect strategy from the URL and ask follow-up questions.
Use \fB\-\-use-jina\fR or \fB\-\-try-md\fR with \fBllms_txt\fR to handle non-markdown URLs; requires \fBJINA_API_KEY\fR.
Use \fB\-\-clean\fR to run an LLM cleaning pass after download.
.TP
.B doc-hub pipeline clean <slug>
Clean fetched markdown for a corpus via an LLM.
Strips navigation, footers, breadcrumbs, and scraping artifacts while preserving content.
Only processes files that have changed since the last clean.
After the first run, sets \fBclean=true\fR in the corpus fetch config so future fetches auto-clean.
Requires \fBDOC_HUB_CLEAN_MODEL\fR, \fBDOC_HUB_CLEAN_API_KEY\fR, and \fBDOC_HUB_CLEAN_BASE_URL\fR.
.TP
.B doc-hub pipeline remove <slug> [--keep-data]
Permanently remove a corpus and all its data. Prompts for the current user's login password via PAM before proceeding (prevents accidental or agent-triggered deletion). Deletes the corpus row from the database (cascades to chunks, documents, and index metadata) and removes local raw/chunk files from disk. Use \fB\-\-keep-data\fR to delete only the database rows and leave local files intact.
.TP
.B doc-hub pipeline run --corpus CORPUS
Run the pipeline against a corpus.
.TP
.B doc-hub pipeline logs <slug>
Run the indexing pipeline for an existing corpus with visible log output.
Useful for monitoring pipeline progress and diagnosing issues.
.TP
.B doc-hub serve mcp
Start the MCP server.
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
List the available corpora:
.PP
.RS
.nf
doc-hub docs list
.fi
.RE
.PP
Show the bundled CLI reference text directly:
.PP
.RS
.nf
doc-hub man
.fi
.RE
.PP
Search one corpus:
.PP
.RS
.nf
doc-hub docs search --corpus pydantic-ai "retry logic"
.fi
.RE
.PP
Search multiple corpora:
.PP
.RS
.nf
doc-hub docs search --corpus pydantic-ai --corpus fastapi "retry middleware"
.fi
.RE
.PP
Browse and read documentation:
.PP
.RS
.nf
doc-hub docs browse pydantic-ai
doc-hub docs read pydantic-ai abc123
.fi
.RE
.PP
Register a new corpus and index it:
.PP
.RS
.nf
doc-hub pipeline add "Pydantic AI" --strategy llms_txt --url https://ai.pydantic.dev/llms.txt
.fi
.RE
.PP
Register a local directory corpus without indexing:
.PP
.RS
.nf
doc-hub pipeline add "My Docs" --strategy local_dir --path ./docs --no-index
.fi
.RE
.PP
Run the pipeline for one corpus:
.PP
.RS
.nf
doc-hub pipeline run --corpus pydantic-ai
.fi
.RE
.PP
Run the pipeline with visible logs:
.PP
.RS
.nf
doc-hub pipeline logs pydantic-ai
.fi
.RE
.PP
Start the MCP server:
.PP
.RS
.nf
doc-hub serve mcp
.fi
.RE
.PP
Clean fetched documents for a corpus:
.PP
.RS
.nf
doc-hub pipeline clean camoufox
.fi
.RE
.PP
Remove a corpus and all its data:
.PP
.RS
.nf
doc-hub pipeline remove my-corpus
.fi
.RE
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B DOC_HUB_DATA_DIR
Overrides the local data directory used for the database and env file.
.TP
.B DOC_HUB_CLEAN_MODEL
Model slug for the OpenAI-compatible API used by \fBpipeline clean\fR.
.TP
.B DOC_HUB_CLEAN_API_KEY
API key for the LLM cleaning endpoint.
.TP
.B DOC_HUB_CLEAN_BASE_URL
Base URL for the OpenAI-compatible API.
.TP
.B DOC_HUB_CLEAN_PROMPT
Optional system prompt override for the cleaning LLM. Falls back to a built-in default.
.TP
.B JINA_API_KEY
API key for Jina Reader (r.jina.ai). Required when using \fBpipeline add\fR with \fB\-\-use-jina\fR, \fB\-\-try-md\fR, or the \fBsitemap\fR strategy.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I $DOC_HUB_DATA_DIR/env
Optional local environment overrides loaded by the CLI.
